hi I'm Unice s I'm still in Gaza City
with my family yesterday we got a lot of
warning calls and a lot of Def Flats
like these that were dropped on us in
our neighborhood in our street here and
they basically say that uh being in Gaza
or remaining in Gaza City uh puts our
lives in danger we're taking a tour in
the streets of Gaza just very close to
my street here in my
neighborhood and everything looks so
empty you could barely see people in the
streets this area used to be a very
densely populated area Okay Dr Mansour I
believe this is your house just opposite
to uh the bombardment that we can see in
Al Abbas uh post off uh police office
and the mosque why did you decide to
come back after you went South
everything is
uh under the war under the Rockets so
where we are going to decide to go north
or th it doesn't matter where it
is and now this is the
bakery where you can see
people are standing in a line
to actually be able to buy some bread
this has
been the
situation for so long in
Gaza thousands of families have been
instantly
displaced it's
just full of rubble and
debris
everywhere you can
literally just see despair in Gaza City
now and in Gaza
streets all over the strip
[Music]
actually you could just hear the sound
of drones and Israeli war jets in the
skies of
Gaza while everyone
says everyone feels but there's no safe
place in this trip to be in anymore